Education
XLRI Jamshedpur
1996 - 1998
Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi
1992 - 1996
1992 - 1996Featured
Featured
Post
Final assembly for my semester 3 Mini project titled 'CAD modelling for a social cause'. It was a great experience learning the very complicated methods of using solidworks with my teammate. We did learn a lot, although it was much of a trial and error form of designing. We came across many hurdles during the design stage but we overcame them. We wish we could create a 3d printed model of our project but unfortunately, current situations prevented us from doing so. Our work was made much easier by the guidance of faculty members likeand. Thank you.
38
2 comments
As the second part of my protective gear designing I decided to make a gear for one of the most vulnerable parts of the body i.e. the eyes. As any other designing project it took multiple tries and stages of design. These goggles are so created to provide maximum peripheral vision without creating a problem for the wearer. The lens are polycarbonate lenses with anti fog coating which is a boon for many people who are aware of the problem of wearing spectacles while wearing a mask. The combined use of the mask (in previous post) and the goggles make an overall decent protective gear for the average person. Assembly of the same is coming soon....
(2/3)
10
A while back, I started a designing project as a part of my internal assessment mini project, "CAD modelling for a social cause". I saw no better opportunity to create a new design for protective gear given the current situation of the world. I started designing the mask in September and after multiple failed designs, I settled onto a final one. Took me almost a month to overcome all the errors of the design itself which is still present in generic masks. More protective gears and human head assembly coming soon...
(1/3)
7Featured
7Experience
Experience
Governance, Risk management and Compliance
Yotta Infrastructure Solutions · Internship
Jan 2022 - Present · 3 mos
ISHRAE PCE STUDENT CHAPTER
10 mos
President Elect
Jul 2021 - Present · 9 mos
Panvel, Maharashtra, India
TE Management team Representative at ISHRAE PCE
Full-time
Jun 2021 - Present · 10 mos
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
SE Representative 
ISHRAE
Jun 2020 - Jun 2021 · 1 yr 1 mo
Handling and organising events, IVs, K12 programs for students. Enlightening their path towards science and mechanical engineering. 
Handling and organising events, IVs, K12 programs for students. Enlightening their path towards science and mechanical engineering.Experience
