Experience
Hindustan Unilever Limited
8 yrs 11 mos
HR Leader - Divestitures
Full-time
Feb 2021 - Present · 1 yr 2 mos
Mumbai, Maharashtra, India
Currently I am working on Unilever's separation of its Tea and a tail Personal Care business - working with Unilever business across 30+ countries ensuring a smooth separation with minimal stranded costs. 
GM - HR (Marketing)
Mar 2016 - Feb 2021 · 5 yrs
Mumbai Area, India
Partner the entire Marketing organization of Hindustan Unilever Limited - cutting across all Categories. 
Job profile covers building the HR strategy for the organization, building Talent & Organization for competitive success and to win in the Marketplace.
HR Head - Unilever R&D South Asia & Home Care globally
May 2013 - Apr 2016 · 3 yrs
Head- HR for Unilever's R&D facilities in South Asia & the Home Care category globally.
The role covered key locations including Mumbai, Bangalore, Bangkok, Valinhoes (Brazil), Vlaardingen (Netherlands), Shanghai, Durban and Istanbul.
The role helped me significantly step up my capabilities in working in a global environment, Organization effectiveness and Leadership Development.
Leadership Development Manager
Unilever Asia Pte Ltd
Oct 2011 - May 2013 · 1 yr 8 mos
Singapore
As the Leadership Development Manager for Unilever Asia Pte Ltd my key responsibilities covered Building Ground-up the Unilever Employer Brand in Singapore universities, structuring the Graduate Programme (UFLP) and strengthening the leadership development practices in the Organization. The objective was clearly laid out to be one of building up the plan, put it to run and hand over the role to an able South East Asian successor to carry forward with.
Manager - OD & OE (HUL)
hindustan unilever limited
Jun 2008 - Sep 2011 · 3 yrs 4 mos
Mumbai
Key responsibilities in this role were to partner directly with the HR Head of HUL (Leena Nair) and design and land the OD and OE agenda for the organization to be fit to win in the market place. Hard core HR strategy, Employee Engagement, HR Effectiveness and Top Teams Development Skills were built in this assignment
Corpoate Employee Relations Manager
C
Jan 2006 - May 2008 · 2 yrs 5 mos
A role covering two jobs:
a) HR Manager of HUL Head Office in Mumbai
b) Partnering the SC organization in Strategic employee relations assignments - basically covering Reward, Welfare, Wage Contract and IR strategy for blue collar employees.
Hindustan Lever Limited
2 yrs 9 mos
HR Manager - Sumerpur factory
Jan 2004 - Jan 2006 · 2 yrs 1 mo
Sumerpur (UP)
HR& IR Manager for HUL Detergents factory based in Sumerpur.
The factory had an annual turnover of INR 300 crores, roughly generating 100,000 tonnes of detergents powders and bars with an employee base of 300 direct employees.
The role covered all aspects of HR whether union IR related, engagement, capability building or TPM related.
During this period I successfully negotiated and signed a long term wage contract, handled and resolved a 7-day strike and implemented a performance management system in the factory.
Management Trainee
May 2003 - Jan 2004 · 9 mos
